What is up guys and what KMAX so and that's what you are going to be showing you how can you just work
with more optimization.
OK.
So the number one thing we have here is to leverage browser caching.
This means that when we visit a Web site.
OK.
You can see that this Web site consists of files.
They can be like images.
They can be script files and they can be so many files OK if I just come here you can see that these
files are loaded first.
OK.
You can see this is a style sheet and everything.
So these files these all files are loaded first and then the website page letter.
OK.
Let me show you if I just go ahead and I just open up you can see this is a file.
So this follows first.
OK.
Then this file loads first.
And then every file load.
Ok so you can see that every file loads and then the page loads so which takes a lot of time.
OK now what is meant by that leverage browser caching is that when a guy was it's I NZL dot com the
page vild download all these files.
OK.
Like in my browser and then I will go to like another page.
There will be the higher Me page ok if I just go to higher Rashmi.
OK.
So if I just go to higher main page then it will not load all these files again it will save these files
in the cache of the browser.
OK.
And then it's a lot lower.
So this means that the leverage browser caching is meant.
OK.
So this is what they mean my deliveries are caching.
So you can just go ahead and you can work for the leverage problems or caching.
OK you can also work with the printer blocking javascript and you can also work with the minification
of java javascript.
OK so I'm going to be telling you one plug in that's going to do almost all of the jobs.
And that is all optimized.
OK.
Most people say you should be going up at the Double Tree.
TC OK.
W3 to look at.
She is also a plug in that is the most famous.
Like many talking about e-commerce Web say the commerce is the most famous.
OK let me talk about compressing images.
This my shit is the most famous.
OK.
And let me talk about the speed optimization the W3 is the most famous.
But you can also go with that.
OK you can install that plug in.
You can also install does that will be super catchy.
OK.
And you can also install that optimize so I'm going to be going ahead and let's try this one.
Or just go with the optimize so I'm going to be clicking auto searching for auto up to my ears.
OK and let's see what this plug in sais and what it said about optimize the speeds of your website by
optimizing JSE says Josh removing And Moji cuff optimizing Google fonts and more.
So I'm going to be going ahead and I am going to just click here.
OK.
So once we click here let's just go ahead and activate this.
And on clicking the Activate.
I'm going to just work with my website.
I'm going to open that up and see your tools.
And let's see if that optimize plugin works better or not.
If it doesn't work then we will delete it now guys keep that in mind.
You have to try.
Keep trying.
OK.
You may understand one plug in your Mandelstam the other plug in.
So if our optimizer is not working for you maybe W3 total cash will work for you.
OK.
Let me show you what the double DC is going to be going to add new I'm going to be clicking.
I'm going to be searching for the bullet for DC so W3 DC may be the option for you.
So if the optimizer doesn't work you can go to W3 DC.
OK so it has the 1 plus million installs.
OK so you can just go at any if you want to.
So this is what I mean.
OK.
And this you can also go with the W.P. super gaeshi as well which is by WordPress company.
So it also has the 1 plus million active installations so you can go with any 30 There are so many if
one plugin doesn't work don't be like OK you can not do that.
OK you can do that.
Maybe you are not understanding the plug in maybe your hosting environment doesn't match with that plug
in configuration or something like that.
Let's just go ahead and let's optimize it.
I'm going to be checking all of them are going to be cleaning seaven empty.
And you can see everything is done.
OK.
Now let's see if our website speed is increased.
If it upsets we it not increased we will go and check another plug in will see that.
How can we just work with different plug ins to enhance this we have to say to our reps say speed was
around 70 OK now as it is increased to 76.
But I think that this is down a bit.
So you can see that our reps speed is a bit increased.
OK.
From 70 it has increased to 76 OK.
Now if I just go ahead and I just go to the plug in and I want to go ahead the double is super dashi.
Okay.
I'm going to be installing this I'm going to be just activating this.
Let's see if this plugin works if both the plug in works at a time if both the plug in doesn't conflict.
OK so now what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I am going to go to the settings.
OK.
So the caching should be on.
So I'm just gonna catchy update everything and I'm going to be clicking update status to tell you have
to do.
You can go to the Advanced Settings.
OK.
You can work with them but I'll be just opening up the caching that's all.
So now let's see if our Web site Peeters increased or not.
76.
It was on 76 before.
OK let's see if our Web site speed is increased or it has not increased.
So it's still there.
OK.
So there will be super catchy is not just doing much things.
So there are advance settings.
There are advance settings that you can find on the document of this.
OK.
So you can just read that you can read that.
What are the things used for some things and everything like that.
OK and then you can work with them.
But since this plug in mains headings did not work for me.
What I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go to plug in.
I'm going to go to install plug ins and I'm going to be just deactivating that plug in.
OK.
So this is also recommended that make sure that you are not using to drive plug ins into one single
web site.
OK.
Because the boatful conflict like this is also for caching.
Speeding up the Web site and this is also this is for the compressing images.
OK so both of them are different but this and this is totally not totally but maybe a bit tame.
So I don't think so if I need that so you have to think OK whether you need this plug in or you don't
need this.
OK you can see the reps say speed is kind of bad.
Amazing.
OK I our HP is totally cool totally.
OK.
Now let's come to this and let's see what we can do with this.
It is showing us to reduce the server response time.
What does this is that your server needs to be where he hides so for that you have to buy the Wii.
OK.
Since we are on a shared web hosting.
OK if I just go to host dot com Let me show you.
You can see that we bought the shared web hosting which is obviously nothing.
OK.
So which is which is very very cheap.
Ok for three years you're getting it for 150 bucks.
OK.
But if you won best servers you can go for the VPN.
So we means the watchful private server that would be your own server only your website would be running
on it.
OK.
And you would be giving specific crimes specific CPQ specific space and specific Benvenuto.
But it says very much CAUSLEY even that to G-B RAM is very costly.
If I just go ahead and I just go to buy now and if I just want to show you I can see that they're still
giving you 75 percent.
And we go down even if we you can see how much it is costing us for three years.
So that is huge.
OK.
Like nobody would be investing in this either.
From my perspective I know.
OK.
Because we are here to start a business not we are we are a business and mirror creating a Web site
for that business.
OK.
So obviously you would not be investing this much.
So make sure because everything we have done here is totally OK.
Seventy five percent is a lot.
OK.
You can just go and search for a popular Web site those are so amazing and you can even work for them
and you will see that they're not even just there below 50.
OK.
So 25 percent is totally OK.
So now we're totally done with our speed optimization.
OK.
And the next video I'll show you how to integrate the CD and how CDN they'll just work with our speed
optimization.
Okay so that's another thing as well.
Okay.
And after that I'll show you how to work with the SSL.
So after that I'll show you how to work for SSL which is the most amazing part.
So stadium guys and Mike.